Fixed #35401 -- Documented the conditional page decorator. (#18150)
django/django: docs/ref/middleware.txt

fields to POST forms and checking requests for the correct value. See the
:doc:`Cross Site Request Forgery protection documentation </ref/csrf>`.

> You can add the  protection of ``CsrfViewMiddleware`` to a view using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add Cross Site Request Forgery protection to individual views using the
```
